Minor doc enhancements to Identity providers (#34317)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-identity-providers.adoc

:diataxis-type: concept
:categories: security

> In the Quarkus Security framework, identity providers play a crucial role in authentication and authorization, providing services for storing and verifying user identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Quarkus Security framework, identity providers play a crucial role in authentication and authorization, providing services for storing and verifying user identities.
```

> In the Quarkus Security framework, identity providers play a crucial role in authentication and authorization, providing services for storing and verifying user identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Quarkus Security framework, identity providers play a crucial role in authentication and authorization by  verifying user identities.
```

Reviewer: `providing services for storing and verifying user identities` does not sound quite right, one of the identity providers uses the internally stored identities to support their verification but at the Quarkus security architecture level, it is an implementation detail of the (JPA) identity provider

Author: @sberyozkin - Fixed. Thanks.

> The Jakarta Persistence `IdentityProvider` creates a `SecurityIdentity` instance, which gets used during user authentication to verify and authorize access requests, making your Quarkus application more secure.

Reviewer: I know this PR is unrelated to it :-), but these 2 sentences need to be updated as they are not quite correct, let me try

Author: Thanks for your suggestion below :point_down:

> The Jakarta Persistence `IdentityProvider` creates a `SecurityIdentity` instance, which gets used during user authentication to verify and authorize access requests, making your Quarkus application more secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IdentityProvider` creates a `SecurityIdentity` instance, which gets used during user authentication to verify and authorize access requests to your Quarkus application.
```

Reviewer: `The Jakarta Persistence` should not be referred to in the Introduction, it is an individual provider which uses JPA and it is linked to below

Reviewer: Also, there could be only the secure access allowed if the verification/authorization has passed, so may be we can just drop this last clarification as `uring user authentication to verify and authorize access requests` implies it
